                           SAT 2009
	                Call for Papers

	         12th International Conference on
	Theory and Applications of Satisfiability Testing

	       June 20 - July 3, Swansea, Wales, UK

           http://www.cs.swan.ac.uk/~csoliver/SAT2009


  The International Conference on Theory and Applications of
  Satisfiability Testing is the primary annual meeting for researchers
  studying the propositional satisfiability problem (SAT). SAT'09 is
  the twelfth SAT conference. SAT'09 features the SAT competition, the
  the Pseudo-Boolean evaluation, and the MAX-SAT evaluation.


SCOPE 

  Many hard combinatorial problems can be encoded into SAT.
  Therefore improvements on heuristics on the practical, as well as
  theoretical insights into SAT apply to a large range of real-world
  problems. More specifically, many important practical verification
  problems can be rephrased as SAT problems. This applies to
  verification problems in hardware and software. Thus SAT is becoming
  one of the most important core technologies to verify secure and
  dependable systems. The topics of the conference span practical and
  theoretical research on SAT and its applications, and include, but are
  not limited to, proof systems, proof complexity, search algorithms,
  heuristics, analysis of algorithms, hard instances, randomized
  formulae, problem encodings, industrial applications, solvers,
  simplifiers, tools, case studies and empirical results. SAT is
  interpreted in a rather broad sense: besides propositional
  satisfiability, it includes the domain of quantified boolean
  formulae (QBF), constraints programming techniques (CSP) for
  word-level problems and their propositional encoding, and
  particularly satisfiability modulo theories (SMT). 


SUBMISSION

  Submissions should contain original material and can either be
  regular research papers up to 14 pages or short papers up to 6
  pages. Double submissions including submissions as short and long
  papers will be rejected.  Submissions should use the Springer
  LNCS style. All appendices, tables, figures and the bibliography
  must fit into the page limit. Submissions deviating from these
  requirements may be rejected without review. All accepted papers
  including short papers will be published in the proceedings of the
  conference. The conference proceedings will be published within
  Springer LNCS series. The submission page is
  http://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sat2009. Papers have to
  be submitted electronically as PDF files. Abstract submissions are
  due by February 20 and papers submissions by February 27.


PROGRAM CHAIRS

  Oliver Kullmann, Swansea University, Wales, UK


INVITED SPEAKERS

  Robert Nieuwenhuis, Tech.~Univ.~Catalonia, Spain
  Moshe Vardi, Rice University, U.S.A.


IMPORTANT DATES

  February 20, Abstract Submission
  February 27, Paper Submission
  March 29, Author Notification
  April 12, Final Version


TECHNICAL PROGRAM COMMITTEE

  Dimitris Achlioptas, UC Santa Cruz, USA
  Armin Biere, Johannes Kepler University, Austria
  Stephen A. Cook, University of Toronto, Canada
  Nadia Creignou, Universite de la Mediterranee, France
  Evgeny Dantsin, Roosevelt University, Chicago
  Adnan Darwiche, UCLA, USA
  John Franco, University of Cincinnati, USA
  Nicola Galesi, Universita di Roma, Italy
  Enrico Giunchiglia, Universita di Genova, Italy
  Marijn Heule, Technische Universiteit Delft, Netherlands
  Edward Hirsch, Steklov Institute of Mathematics, Russia
  Kazuo Iwama, Kyoto University, Japan
  Daniel LeBerre, Universite d'Artois, France
  Chumin Li, Universite de Picardie, France
  Ines Lynce, Instituto Superior Tecnico, Portugal
  Panagiotis Manolios, Northeastern University, USA
  Joao Marques-Silva, University of Southampton, UK
  David G. Mitchell, Simon Fraser University, Canada
  Hans Kleine Buening, University of Paderborn, Germany
  Albert Oliveras, Technical University of Catalonia, Spain
  Ramamohan Paturi, University of California, USA
  Lakhdar Sais, Universite d'Artois, France
  Karem A. Sakallah, University of Michigan, USA
  Uwe Schoening, Universitaet Ulm, Germany
  Roberto Sebastiani, Universita di Trento, Italy
  Carsten Sinz, University of Karlsruhe, Germany
  Robert H. Sloan, University of Illinois, USA
  Niklas Sorensson, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden
  Ewald Speckenmeyer, Universitaet Koln, Germany
  Stefan Szeider, Durham University, UK
  Armando Tacchella, Universita di Genova, UK
  Miroslaw Truszczynski, University of Kentucky, USA
  Alasdair Urquhart,  University of Toronto, Canada
  Allen Van Gelder, Stanford University, USA
  Hans van Maaren, Delft University of Technology, Netherlands
  Toby Walsh, University of New South Wales, Australia
  Sean Weaver, University of Cincinnati, USA
  Emo Welzl, ETH Zurich, Switzerland
  Lintao Zhang, Microsoft Research, USA
  Xishun Zhao, Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou, P.R. China


SAT COMPETITION
http://www.satcompetition.org/2009/

  Daniel Le Berre, Universite d'Artois, France
  Olivier Roussel, Universite d'Artois, France
  Laurent Simon, Universite Paris Sud, France


PSEUDO BOOLEAN EVALUATION
http://www.cril.univ-artois.fr/PB09/

  Vasco Manquinho, Technical University of Lisbon, Portugal
  Olivier Roussel, Universite d'Artois, France


MAX-SAT EVALUATION
http://www.maxsat.udl.cat/09/

  Josep Argelich, IIIA-CSIC, Spain
  Chu Min Li, Universite de Picardie, France
  Felip Manya, IIIA-CSIC, Spain
  Jordi Planes, IIIA-CSIC, Spain

